#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.9
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
absl-py==0.15.0
    # via tensorboard
aiohttp==3.8.0
    # via fsspec
aiosignal==1.2.0
    # via aiohttp
antlr4-python3-runtime==4.8
    # via omegaconf
async-timeout==4.0.0
    # via aiohttp
attrs==21.2.0
    # via aiohttp
cachetools==4.2.4
    # via google-auth
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==2.0.7
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
click==8.0.3
    # via sacremoses
git+https://github.com/openai/CLIP.git
    # via -r requirements.in
einops==0.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
filelock==3.3.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
frozenlist==1.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec[http]==2021.11.0
    # via pytorch-lightning
ftfy==6.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   clip
future==0.18.2
    # via pytorch-lightning
google-auth==2.3.3
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.6
    # via tensorboard
grpcio==1.41.1
    # via tensorboard
huggingface-hub==0.1.2
    # via transformers
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   requests
    #   yarl
joblib==1.1.0
    # via sacremoses
kornia==0.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
markdown==3.3.4
    # via tensorboard
multidict==5.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
numpy==1.21.4
    # via
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   taming-transformers
    #   tensorboard
    #   torchmetrics
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
oauthlib==3.1.1
    # via requests-oauthlib
omegaconf==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   taming-transformers
packaging==21.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   kornia
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchmetrics
    #   transformers
pillow==8.4.0
    # via torchvision
protobuf==3.19.1
    # via tensorboard
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pydeprecate==0.3.1
    # via pytorch-lightning
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via packaging
pytorch-lightning==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   taming-transformers
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   omegaconf
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   transformers
regex==2021.11.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   clip
    #   sacremoses
    #   transformers
requests==2.26.0
    # via
    #   fsspec
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
    #   transformers
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rsa==4.7.2
    # via google-auth
sacremoses==0.0.46
    # via transformers
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   absl-py
    #   google-auth
    #   grpcio
    #   sacremoses
taming-transformers==0.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorboard==2.7.0
    # via pytorch-lightning
tensorboard-data-server==0.6.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.0
    # via tensorboard
tokenizers==0.10.3
    # via transformers
torch==1.10.0
    # via
    #   clip
    #   kornia
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   taming-transformers
    #   torchmetrics
    #   torchvision
torchmetrics==0.6.0
    # via pytorch-lightning
torchvision==0.11.1
    # via
    #   clip
    #   taming-transformers
tqdm==4.62.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   clip
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   sacremoses
    #   taming-transformers
    #   transformers
transformers==4.12.3
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==3.10.0.2
    # via
    #   async-timeout
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torch
urllib3==1.26.7
    # via requests
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via ftfy
werkzeug==2.0.2
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.37.0
    # via tensorboard
yarl==1.7.2
    # via aiohttp

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
